As I said, I am as well as myself and a great opportunity, but many of you are great disciples of
these great masters.
As I said, the Nyingma masters who came out of Tibet in 1959, I don't know anyone that has not
become his disciples.
And also could be in Tibet. It was a long time in Tibet.
At the end of 1956 or '55, he stayed in Tibet. Could be his disciples.
But definitely who came out of Tibet since 1959, almost everyone has become his disciples.
So if you contact any of those great masters, definitely you are also a great disciple of his Hol
iness Dudjom Rinpoche.
And he was one of the great teachers. I think many of you know and I think you heard, so I am not
going to show more than that.
But he is one of the humble, simple, but yet totally great masters. He encompasses all the great
teachers.
This is the devotion of prayers, but also really it has a statement. It is true.
The word "sanghe" is true. So, therefore, with that, all thought we praise.
And we do this in the niche too.